- GM mode options screen
-- disable trait limitations
-- conflictless play


- need a character builder page to burn in stock/class selections to be uneditable on the main actor page
-- override createDialog in actor to get class/stock options set, do nature
- represent places as an item, map to contacts/hometown
- add item slots to actor? lists with a matching soft-limit for each body slot

-gm can call for a roll, link in chat message goes to clicking user's version of that item. so each user gets their own skill values used when they click the linked item name
- Gear should be grouped by category
- container items (bags, caches) should have their own sheet visible to all with their contents. drag and drop to actor sheets for easy inventory management

DIALOGS
  ROLL
    preview dice pool size. make the helper static so the dialog can call it to update
    account for successes on 3
    free text field for flavor text

SHEETS
  ACTOR
    pocket defaults to 0, should be true or whatever
    PLAYER CHARACTER
      SKILLS
        compute Bulky et al (skill + gear combO) and pass to roll formula
      GEAR
        SKILLS + ABILITIES
          add a lock toggle so you can't update fields in your skill list, a la roll20's play/edit mode
        GEAR SHEET
          pocket size defaults to 1, needs to be "not pocketable"
          isPhysical not implemented
          need a way to assign an item to a slot
          gear description owner is already draggable - i need to make events to receive the drop
        can't seem to have 2 of the same item?
        how do i account for gear assigned to the actor not already displayed in the inventory?
        how to represent containers? should they be their own item type?
          from discord:
            https://discord.com/channels/170995199584108546/670336275496042502/907269076768915466
            Foundry does not support items within items. And you don't need a module for dragging
            items between actors.
            In HBS you can just have some element that is marked as draggable via defaultOptions
            dragDrop select with data-item-id="{{item.id}}" and it'll drag the item with the id
            from the actor out, and any sheet accepting that will then get a copy of it.
            It's all built-in to foundry for really easy implementation.
        add item button doesn't work
          filter to type=gear
  ITEM
    roll button on owned items in header

